# Cis344Hotel_Reservation_System-Fall-2025-
this repository contains the files for the group project cis344 that Ousmane Jalloh and Ariana Campbell worked on  

In this repository you will find all of our files in a folder called Groupdatabase_project. inside of this folder there is a html folder that stores our web pages and php files in seperate directories.
You will also find the mwb file for our database. We recommend that you open the Hotel_Reservation_sys.mwb and foward engineer it in my sql to create the database needed for our forms to work. this step is crucial otherwise you may run into issues connecting to the database. once you have created our data base on your local sql server we have also attached two sql files that that shows our Join queries for the data base and the script that was used to create our triggers in the database. we recommend that you make sure our triggers are present in the employee table, Reservations, and transactions table. if they arent then execute the triggers script. Once you click on the html folder you will be presented with two folders, one called Ari and the other called test. the other folder contains the html file of our home page that was designed by Ariana alongside her css file. In the test folder you will find the php files that contain our other web pages and the css file that gose alongside it. Also inside the test folder there are two additional folders called Img which stores our background photos and php folder that stores our php processing files for each of the web pages in the test folder. The documentation and user guide will be located in the the first directory alongside the sql files.

** if you begin to move files in and out of the directories they were originally in the entire project will not work as intended. DO NOT MOVE FILES AROUND!!!!.
